hi everyone it's me Halle with Cindy and
today I'm going to show you how to
straighten your dolls hair and this
buzzer on your dolls hair if you did it
way too much
but it's fine if you did it for a few
times so you are going to need your doll
hairbrush a clip or a hair tie to keep
her hair out of the way and obviously
you need the hair straightener so this
is what Cindy's hair looks like before
and it looks like this because it hasn't
been in a ponytail for a very long time
so the first thing you're going to do is
turn on your hair straightener and make
sure it's on the lowest heat possible
and then you're going to separate her
hair before you start straightening this
section just brush it and then take a
small piece and you just want to
straighten it for a few seconds because
you don't want to in her hair I want to
straighten this part of Cindy's hair
because the hair time you made it a bit
wavy so if you're having the same
problem and you should just focus on
straightening this part and forget the
rest because you really don't want to
run your doll's hair this is how a part
of her hair looks like right now I don't
know if you can tell this or not but it
looks so much better now you just want
to take the clip out of her hair and
just keep sectioning her hair and
straightening it and that's basically
how you do it I don't know if there's
another way to do it that's how I do it
and it looks just fine I'm sectioning
her hair before it's straightening it
makes it a lot easier so that's why I do
that
so I'm done now and this is what it
looks like it looks so much better and
it didn't get ruined so that's great
thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video and I'll see you
again next time
well